Remove keras layer (#7320)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

* The ``KerasLayer`` class in ``qml.qnn.keras`` has been removed because Keras 2 is no longer actively maintained.

>   Please consider using a different machine learning framework, like [Pytorch](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_qnn_module_torch)
>   or [JAX](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_How_to_optimize_QML_model_using_JAX_and_Optax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please consider using a different machine learning framework, like :doc:`PyTorch <demos/tutorial_qnn_module_torch>` or :doc:`JAX <demos/tutorial_How_to_optimize_QML_model_using_JAX_and_Optax>`.
```

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * The ``KerasLayer`` in ``qml.qnn.keras`` has been removed because Keras 2 is no longer actively maintained.  Please consider using a different machine learning framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``KerasLayer`` class in ``qml.qnn.keras`` has been removed because Keras 2 is no longer actively maintained.  Please consider using a different machine learning framework, like [Pytorch](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_qnn_module_torch) or [JAX](https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_How_to_optimize_QML_model_using_JAX_and_Optax).
```

I think we can use sphinx directives for demos here, right? If so, I suggest we use those instead

Author: let's try
